gh-88965: Fix type substitution of a list of types  after initial `ParamSpec` substitution (#102808)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2023-03-18-14-59-21.gh-issue-88965.kA70Km.rst

> Fix type substitution after ParamSpec substitution of the user generic with
> a list with a TypeVar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
typing: Fix a bug relating to substitution in custom classes generic over a
:class:`~typing.ParamSpec`. Previously, if the ``ParamSpec`` was substituted
with a parameters list that itself contained a :class:`~typing.TypeVar`, the
``TypeVar`` in the parameters list could not be subsequently substituted. This
is now fixed.

Patch by Nikita Sobolev.
```
